Document removal of temperature conversion of non-temperature sensors (#22929)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_posts/2022-05-04-release-20225.markdown

{% enddetails %}

{% details "Temperature conversion" %}

> Sensors reporting a temperature but not setting device class to temperature will
> no longer have their values automatically converted.
> For sensors which are manually configured, users needs to set the device class.
> If the integration providing the sensor does not support setting device class,
> the sensor's state can be filtered through a template sensor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sensors reporting a temperature but not setting device class to temperature will
no longer have their values automatically converted.
For sensors that are manually configured, users need to set the device class.
If the integration providing the sensor does not support setting device class,
the sensor's state can be filtered through a template sensor.
```
